There's a matinee and a 9:45.
Mmm, 9:45.
I can close early.
-Done.
-[phone chimes]
Oh. I somehow
booked VIP tickets.
How you get a VIP ticket?
-Fifty dollars!
-Fifty dollar?
-That's a dinner and a movie.
-And cab fare.
-[scoffs]
-And a babysitter.
Unless, uh...
Maybe you think
there's a red carpet?
I suppose it's not entirely
unlikely the director
might be there.
You think maybe, uh,
star of movie will be there?
This is a VIP screening
in Toronto.
Anything is possible.
Mmm. Maybe paparazzi
take our picture.
Or we get invited
to an after-party
at a swanky hotel.
Meet a big-time producer
and, ah, tell him our story.
A couple of
hard-scrabble newcomers.
"The Immigrants are killing it,"
brags The Globe and Mail.
-We can get a pavement star
and have people...
-Oh, wait. I can cancel.
Full refund.
-I watch movie
at home for free.
-No hassle.
No pants.
-The way a film
should be watched.
-Mmm.
[theme music playing]
Ai. [mutters]
-[door bell chimes]
-[sighing]
Yobo, why is broken
ping-pong table outside?
You tell me
take out from basement.
I'm not going to lie,
Mrs. Kim.
It was a beast to move.
But it's worth it to see
that look of appreciation
on your face.
Why you don't take to dump?
Garbage day is a day
after day after tomorrow.
Ah, we can't leave
outside for three day.
What will customer think?
That we throwing out
a ping-pong table?
Or that you finally
threw this guy out.
What? Everyone has a limit.
So basement is clean now?
Not yet. Clean basement
is a big job,
even for big, strong Appa.
-Ah, maybe I call Jung
to help?
-Mmm!
I can do myself.
Just, uh, need time.
Okay, but I already call Jung.
-Boom.
-Why you sneak attack?
I don't have to sneak attack
if you clean attack.
Uh, uh... My chip...
[Shannon] Wow.
Either someone did something
very good, or very bad.
-[chuckles]
-Actually, I think it was you.
"To the cutest
little manager I know."
Aw. Alejandro sent me
something sweet,
'cause he's on the road.
Isn't he the best?
-Okay.
-I guess.
I know what you're thinking,
don't worry.
I'm going to share this
with my two favourite guys.
Cool. Thanks. Ooh!
-Ow!
-I'm so sorry.
I don't know why I did that.
Total reflex.
Here, take something.
Please. [chuckles]
Ooh, is that
truffle popcorn?
-Ow!
-Seriously, I am so sorry.
Here. [chuckles nervously]
Hi, Janet.
This is your Umma.
Bring back Tupperware.
All container in the kitchen
has a mix-match lid, uh?
So, I hope you okay.
This is you Umma.
'Kay, bye-bye.
[chuckles] Sorry.
My daughter is move out.
-So hard to get hold of.
-Ugh.
My daughter's in residence.
Good luck getting her
on the phone.
When she is here,
all the time she is
looking at her phone.
Only time she's not looking
at her phone is when I call.
I just want to talk,
but it's all this texting
and Snapchatting.
So, I said, "Marla,
get your phone
out of your face,
and get your butt home
for margaritas and some
Pitch Perfect."
-You do this
with you daughter?
-Yeah.
-That you give birth to?
-Every Thursday,
just the two of us.
We do our nails, order Thai.
Do a general catch-up.
That sound so nice. [sighs]
But my daughter?
She is too busy.
Okay. Hey, Umma.
Janet says, "Hi."
Oh, sorry. I can't talk to her.
Too busy with a customer.
-[chuckles]
-Jung, you telling her?
[chuckles]
-Hey!
-[Appa] Jung!
I tell Umma you don't
have to come.
Yeah. She was worried
my comics got wrecked
when the pipe burst,
which I now see didn't happen.
Sneak attack, Umma-style.
-Here. I got that.
-Oh, it's okay. I have...
-Where do you want it? Here?
-Yeah. That's fine.
'Kay. Should we get started?
Have to organize
everything first.
Over here is thing we throw out.
Here is, uh, thing we keep
and you throw out after we die.
'Kay. Well, uh, [sighs]
I'll get started over there.
[sighs]
[grunts]
[grunts louder]
[straining]
-You okay?
-Yeah. All good. All good.
We start the next pile here.
Thing we maybe keep,
or throw away.
Okay, but take it easy.
-Wasn't Hal-Abeoji
moving boxes when he...
-He was 63.
-Yeah, but...
-I'm 57. Big difference.
For sure.
Oh, my God.
-You still have this?
-Ah.
-Can't throw out
the Kim Cup.
-Yeah.
I wanted my name
on this so bad as a kid.
-I could never beat you.
-Yeah.
That's why they call me
Unst-Appa-ble.
You made us call you that.
But, yeah, you were the best.
-Those going up?
-Yeah.
[door closes]
[sighs]
-[back cricks]
-Oh.
[grunts]
[groans]
I understand,
but your records must be wrong.
I didn't receive--
Oh, really?
Well, may I please
speak to your manager?
Well, when will
her break be over?
That's a generous break policy.
Are you hiring?
-Oh, I'm on hold.
-[Shannon] What's up, T-bird?
I'm getting the run-around
from this delivery service.
Sh-yeah.
'Cause you're being
a big old softie.
Here is what you do.
You lay on the compliments,
then just as they trust you,
you hit 'em in the curlies.
Got it. Yes, I'm still here,
and I have something
to say to you.
Hi! Who am I speaking with?
Well, Sharmilla,
Such a beautiful name,
by the way.
Either you're calling
my friend a liar,
or maybe someone else
is lying, Sharmilla.
-Pow-pow!
-No, you listen to me.
We expect a full investigation
into the missing--
What are we missing?
My gran sent me a gift basket
for becoming back manager.
Oh, please don't cry, Sharmilla.
-Hi, Janet!
-Umma.
What are you doing here?
I was thinking you and me
have a girls' night in.
Just you, me, in.
Uh, yeah, sure.
We could do that. Sometime.
Thing is, it's Friday night.
You know, TGIF?
Yeah. No school tomorrow.
We can talk all night.
First topic, how to make
your face less round.
-That could be fun, but...
-Special surprise!
-We paint our nail.
-Really?
'Cause remember that time
I put on clear polish?
You made me take it off.
You said the only people
who paint their nails
are prostitutes.
That don't sound like me.
Eh, look,
it all might be great,
but I have plans.
Oh. Okay.
Oh, Gerald?
Are you ready?
Mrs. Kim!
What a surprise.
I didn't hear you guys
talking, like, at all.
Hi, Gerald.
Because I was in my room
for the conversation.
Look, I'm sorry.
We're meeting people,
so I gotta go.
-We'll do this
another time, okay?
-Yeah. Other time.
If it's easier, you can
obviously just leave that here.
Yeah, I can. But no.
-All right!
-[Mr. Chin] Do you have it?
-I don't think I have it.
-I'm losing it.
-Okay, okay!
Put down! Put down!
[panting]
I thought your wife wanted us
to throw this out, not in.
Yeah, but I miss table.
It's, uh, good fun
for whole family.
Huh. Who know,
maybe Jung want to play?
Or Janet. Or Mrs. Kim.
[panting] Or Jung.
-You know,
just a friendly game.
-I get it.
When you get a chance
to show your dominance
over a young rival,
you take it.
[scoffs] What you talking?
Look, there comes
a time when some young,
virile bus boy,
let's call him Huang Li Wu,
comes around,
flexing his muscle,
grabbing the attention
of a beautiful prep cook
who might
otherwise be interested
in an older restauranteur.
Hypothetically, of course.
It's just a game.
Doesn't matter who win.
Sure, sure,
but take my advice.
Lay waste to your son
in table tennis
while you still can.
Why you not just
fire your bus boy?
Oh, I've thought about it,
but he'd never survive.
He's a looker,
but not much upstairs.
[indistinct chatter]
Thanks again for stopping
those guys from beating me up.
Not everyone in a ponytail
likes to be called "M'lady."
It's supposed to be ironic.
-Oh...
-[laughter]
[Umma] So then I say, "No!"
[Chelsea] I can't believe
you said that!
-[Umma] Well, what else
I'm going to say?
-[both laughing]
-Umma?
-Oh! Janet?
You home already?
It's 1:30.
Uh-oh.
-Time for me
to turn into pumpkin.
-[both laughing]
Oh, thank you, Chelsea.
That was so much fun.
Don't thank me, polish pal.
-Oh!
-Oh... We're polish pals.
[both laughing]
-Okay, see you, uh?
-Night, Umma.
Oh, nail polish.
Don't want to mess up.
-Right.
-Bye, Yong-mi.
Bye-bye.
So, you were just
hanging with my mom?
-Oh, my God. She's lolz.
-Yeah?
And a straight talker.
I am too skinny for pinstripes,
you know?
-I do know.
-My parents are always,
"Chelsea, you're so great.
Everything you do is wonderful.
We raised the limit
on your credit card."
Yeah. So lame, right?
-[Janet] So, what else
did you guys talk about?
-Gerald!
Hey, Chelse!
What a surprise.
I didn't hear you guys talking.
Like, at all.
[yawns] Well,
I'm gonna head to bed,
but feel free to stay up,
do your girl-talk thing.
And miss cuddle time?
[chuckles]
-Night, Janet.
-Okay. Night.
Don't smudge my nails,
bum-bum. [chuckles]
Bum-bum?
I need a strong muscle guy
like you have to finish job.
-It's Jung.
-[Umma] Jung?
Hi, Jung!
So when you get message,
call me back.
Okay. See you.
-What's happen?
-Nothing.
Just, uh, finish
cleaning basement.
Then maybe after
have a hang-out time.
-You and, uh, Jung?
-Yeah.
Uh, what kind of hang-out time?
I don't know.
See what happen.
Okay, but, uh,
don't hang out too much.
We is parent, not friend.
Have to remember.
Just, uh, try to be good Appa.
But, uh, when you see Jung,
don't talk so much
about his muscle.
-Otherwise, he gonna
post all over Internet.
-Okay. [chuckles]
[sighs]
[chuckles]
Hey. How's Planet Janet?
Chelsea!
Oh, are you here
to see my mom?
[chuckles]
-Ha-ha.
-Ha-ha-ha.
-Ha-ha-ha-ha! [chuckles]
But yes.
Oh.
You guys are so tight
all of a sudden.
-Cool.
-Is it cool?
Absolutely.
-[bangs shelf]
-Umma, your friend's
here to see you.
-[Umma] Oh?
-Ah!
Chelsea! Hi!
I got your text.
Here's the album
we listened to the other night
plus my own playlist,
"Sunday Hangs."
Oh, thank you. So kind.
Such good music.
Yeah?
What album is it, Umma?
-Clairvoyants.
-Live.
-Clairvoyants have a live album?
-Yeah, it just drop.
-Did I say right?
-You got it.
So sweet, Chelsea.
Thank you.
And maybe you can teach me
how to make that scrumptious
Korean thing we had?
-Sundubu-jjigae?
-Mmm-hmm.
[Umma] Come over
Friday night, I show you.
-Umma, Friday night
is maybe not the best--
-I'd love to.
See you then. [giggles]
Janet, can you work Friday?
-[door bell chimes]
-Night?
-[exhales]
-You wanted to see me?
[sighs] Come in
and shut the door
behind you.
Sounds serious.
We've made a huge mistake.
The gift basket wasn't for me.
Not sure how that's
a "we" mistake.
You ate all the snacks.
You're missing the point!
The basket was for Terence
from his grandmother.
Alejandro did, however,
send me a YouTube video
of a dancing bird.
Damn!
That bird's got moves.
[laughing] I know, right?
I could watch it all day.
Except I can't.
I have to figure out
how to fix this Terence thing.
You could start
by not eating the rest
of his gift basket.
-I'm stress eating
from the guilt.
-That's guilt eating.
Look, just buy him
a new gift basket.
$300? Whoa, mama!
You can get a whole cabin
made out of cheese logs
for that.
Uh, don't tempt me.
But there's got to be
a cheaper one.
-[knocking on door]
-Hey, Shannon.
[Shannon] Terence!
We're in a meeting.
Okay, no problem.
[plastic crinkling]
Do you guys hear that?
Is that what you came
in here for, Terence?
To play mind games?
-No, I just thought--
-Stop thinking, start working!
That's our new motto.
It's actually what
this meeting was about.
-Doesn't make any sense.
-You're still thinking!
Come on, Terence.
I'm so sorry.
-[sighs]
-[door closes]
Poor guy.
I feel so bad for him.
Oh. Is there rosemary
in that shortbread?
Oh, my God!
They're so good.
Hey! Is Chelsea here?
I don't know.
I never know.
It's those little
soundless feet.
Even in heels.
Maybe she's with my mom.
[sighs] I know.
That's been great.
I think it's kinda weird.
Maybe, but it's freed up
my schedule.
Like, Friday just opened up,
so I'm going to do
a God Of War marathon
with Smeats and Kippen.
What are you doing Friday?
Um... I was gonna fire up
the console with the guys.
No. My parents are taking us
to La Jupe on King Street.
[laughing]
[Gerald] Is that a...
a restaurant?
I thought you were
going to my mom's.
Oh, yeah.
I'm going to have to cancel.
Getting into La Jupe
is impossible.
So it's a play?
Or is it the circus?
And you can't wear that,
by the way.
Okay, but to what?
It's just, I think my mom
was looking forward
to seeing you.
Oh, she won't mind.
We're buds! [chuckles]
Okay, but it is French, right?
[sighs] Okay!
Want me to take
some of this outside?
Yeah, maybe.
Or, we can start by, uh,
clean up old bedsheet
over there.
-You mean this?
-Yeah, like that.
Good idea, Jung.
Waah?
Old ping-pong table?
Where you coming from?
[chuckles] I think
we throw you out.
-Was this here before?
-Haven't seen in such
a long time, huh?
Looks like a brand-new
bracket here.
Oh, I don't think so.
So old and dusty, uh?
[blows air and coughs]
Huh. Yeah.
Want to take a break?
-What? From not working?
-Yeah. What you think?
One game.
Warm up muscle, huh?
-Yeah. Sure.
-[chuckles]
-Uh, wow. That really
brings back memories.
-Yeah.
Hey, remember when
Janet was little
and she wanted to play,
so you put her on the table
and we'd play trying
not to hit her.
Not to hit?
-Oh, I wanted to hit her,
I just wasn't good enough.
-Ha.
You serve.
Oh... You serve.
Home court advantage.
Oh.
Zero serving zero, huh?
-Ooh.
-Still a little rusty.
It's okay. Just take time and,
uh, try you best, hmm?
One serving zero.
Whoo! One-one.
Okay, everybody warm.
Now we play for real.
Ooh! Ah!
Your point. Good one.
I tell you,
I am unst-Appa-ble.
Good news. Look what
was just delivered,
straight from your gran
to the cutest little manager
at Handy.
-Ta-da!
-Wow.
Look at all this.
Crackers and...
And cheese and...
Wait! Are those
ketchup packages?
Ooh! Portion-controlled
and portable. Your gran
thinks of everything.
Huh.
Swiss chocolate?
Gruyere?
Mmm-mmm.
Yum-dilly-ish, am I right?
[chuckles]
I'm just a little surprised.
Gran hates the Swiss.
-Well, she loves you.
-You don't understand!
She went to Switzerland once
and was treated so horribly.
They were rude to her,
they ignored her,
even though she spoke
perfect German.
That's terrible.
She was in the Italian region,
but she's never forgiven them
and she refuses to support
the Swiss economy.
Well, maybe your grandmother
has forgiven the Swiss economy.
[chuckles nervously]
My mom thinks it's time
to put gran in a home.
I said she was wrong,
but you can't argue
with evidence like this.
-Gran is a goner.
-I wouldn't read
too much into it.
I'm sure she's fine.
And are these
cough drops Ricola?
Oh, my God!
I have to call my sister.
[sighs]
I hate you.
[both panting]
-Yes! Whoo!
-Yeah!
Ooh, ooh!
-Ooh, ooh!
-What are you doing?
You don't remember
victory dance?
Yeah. I show you.
-Ooh, ooh!
-But you didn't win.
Ooh-- [laughing]
What you talking?
The ball hit the edge
of the table.
-No!
-I heard a tick.
-I hear not a tick.
-You can't hear not a tick.
Shh. Listen.
Not a tick.
This is ridiculous.
You always have to win,
don't you?
I don't have to.
Just do.
The ball hit the table.
Jung, more important
than winning is being
a good loser.
Exactly, Appa.
I only think that's true,
because I don't have
real experience losing.
You know what? Forget it.
Nothing's changed.
What? Yeah...
Best two out of three game.
For Kim Cup.
It's not worth it.
-Ah, come back. Jung!
-What?
Don't tell your Umma we fight.
Fine. Don't tell Janet.
-I not tell anyone.
-Me neither.
-Might tell Kimchee.
-Ah! Don't tell Kimchee.
Well, then don't tell Mr. Chin.
I already say
I don't tell anyone.
Hey. What's going on?
We just talking.
Yeah. It's hard to hear
each other down here.
Ping-pong? No way.
I could never beat you guys.
But that ends today.
Oh! Seriously? Come on!
For the Kim Cup.
Am I the only one
who remembers that?
[grunts]
[door closes]
-Hey, Umma.
-Janet.
It's Friday.
What you doing?
Just thought we could hang out.
Brought some tunes,
some treats.
Maybe you can teach me
how to make your Sundubu-jjigae?
So nice.
But I'm busy tonight.
Umma, I'm sorry if I hurt
your feelings the other day.
It was so nice
that you came over.
Yeah, I know.
And I know
you don't have plans.
Gerald and Chelsea
are going to...
-Something.
-I know.
Chelsea cancel,
and I make another plan.
Really?
Umma, it's okay. I know
you're too proud to admit--
[Mrs. Mehta] Hello? Yong-mi?
I brought tequila,
but I forgot the lemons.
In here.
-Hi, Janet.
-[Janet] Hi.
Janet,
you're very welcome to stay
if you have no place to go.
On Friday night.
I guess.
That's so sweet.
I never stayed in with my mother
on a Friday night.
Yes. One day you'll have
lots of friends and look back
at this and laugh.
[all laughing]
What about art school.
Do all students wear no make-up?
I'm wearing make-up.
Of course! Now I see.
Very nice.
Oh, wow. I've just got a text
from a big party.
So I'm going to go.
Great seeing you all.
Uh, leave snack, Janet.
Fine.
I'll call you tomorrow.
Yeah. But, uh, not too early.
-TGIF.
-[all laughing]
[Appa] And, uh,
$3.45 you change.
Okay. See you.
[chuckles]
[cash register dings]
Ah, you, why you have to
bang everything so loud?
Oh, not as loud as you
and all you friend last night.
I deserve to have fun.
Yeah, but too crazy, huh?
You not young
like you is before.
Nobody is young
like they is before.
That's how time work.
I just say, can't do all thing
same way like before
when you is young, huh?
-[winces]
-Oh.
Like play ping-pong?
Not just ping-pong.
I move lots of box, too.
And I win.
And you is old.
You old!
Not as old as-- [gags]
-Excuse...
-Huh?
[laughs]
-Here. Don't forget
the Pepto, huh?
-[retches]
-[chuckles]
-[back cricks]
[theme music playing]